[MTM-57757] updating logic for crl entry (#1825)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-management-application/managing-device-data-bundle/managing-trusted-certificate-settings.md

4. 4. Click **Save** to confirm your entries.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> If the date field is empty or is a future date, then the current date is used.

Reviewer: trivial : `or is a future date, ` => `or a future date,`

{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

#### Offline CRL bulk upload {#offline-crl-bulk-upload}

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
Revoked certificate serial numbers can be added in bulk.
Each file can hold at maximum 5000 revocation entries.

> If the date is in the future then it will be defaulted to current date.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the date is in the future then it defaults to the current date.
```

> In case of a duplicate, the existing entry stays.

Reviewer 3: to mean that in case of duplicate entry the existing one is kept. I changed the wording to `retain` now. please review.
